Docs - Clarify how to pass state with Link (#9499)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/gatsby-link.md

```

Using `replace` also won't scroll the page after navigation.
## Passing props to Link targets 

> Sometimes you'll want to pass "props/state" from the source page to the page being linked to. You can do this by passing a **state** prop to the Link component or call to navigate function. The target component will have a prop called *location* white a child called *state* which will have to contents you passed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you'll want to pass "props/state" from the source page to the page being linked to. You can do this by passing a **state** prop to the Link component or call the navigate function. The target component will have a prop called *location* with a child called *state* which will have the contents you passed. 
```

> Sometimes you'll want to pass "props/state" from the source page to the page being linked to. You can do this by passing a **state** prop to the Link component or call to navigate function. The target component will have a prop called *location* white a child called *state* which will have to contents you passed. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes you'll want to pass data from the source page to the linked page. You can do this by passing a `state` prop to the `Link` component or on a call to `navigate` ` function. The linked page will have a `location` prop containing a nested `state` object structure containing the passed data.
```
